Remove the references to the katello-ca/rhsm-consumer RPM (#5226)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_deploying-a-custom-ssl-certificate-to-smart-proxy-server.adoc

Do not delete the certificate archive file after you deploy the certificate.
It is required, for example, when upgrading {SmartProxyServer}.
====

.Next steps

> * {ManagingHostsDocURL}refreshing-the-self-signed-ca-certificate-on-hosts[Refresh the self-signed CA certificate on registered hosts]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {ManagingHostsDocURL}refreshing-the-self-signed-ca-certificate-on-hosts[Refreshing the self-signed CA certificate on hosts in _{ManagingHostsDocTitle}_]
```
